---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Coding Standards Matters
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2022-02-10
labels:
  - Coding standards
  - IntelliJ
  - ESLint
---

## Do coding standards Matters? 

When did you realize that coding standards mattered? When working with others? Or when reviewing your code a couple of days later? For me, it is all that, for example, during ICS 111. There is an assignment I started on Monday and restarted on Friday. Which means there are three days of blank for me to recognize the project. So, when I resumed my assignment on Friday, I felt that "What the F*** am I writing on Monday?". Without coding standards, it makes it difficult to resume a piece of code or even review. For example, those spaces after ";, ()" or blank after the last line and many more standards make a piece of code much more understandable for yourself and others to review. 

## The personal standards. 

Everyone's coding standards are different. But, the purpose of coding standards for everyone is the same. Make reviewers, including yourself, have the more effortless experience of understanding that piece of code. So, you don't have to think hard about the specific part of code you write in the past. Also, others don't feel confused when looking at your code. Having coding standards while working with others makes it easier to understand your code. 

## Experience of ESLint with IntelliJ.

What is ESLint? and how is it helpful for programmers? ESLint is a tool for identifying and reporting patterns found in ECMAScript/JavaScript code to make it more consistent and avoid bugs. Using the experience of ESLint is excellent, but the part of setting it up is somewhat confusing. But, after setting it up, it is user-friendly. If I had any errors in my code, the ESLint would point out and which made the experience better. 

## Overall 

Coding standards are essential to beginners and benefit in the long term.  It makes the experience much more manageable and more accessible for others.  Also, it creates an excellent coding habit, and if you get employed, coding standards really matter a lot.  You don't want to get fired for unhealthy coding habits.  Doesn't it feel good when you look at clean pieces of code? 
