---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: World Of Googling
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2022-01-27
labels:
  - Code
  - Asking Question
  - Stack Overflow
---
## Don't Be Afraid Of Asking Questions

What kind of convenient world do we live in right now? You could google for answers to every problem you had, especially about programming. We ask all kinds of questions online, whether wise or dumb. Those answers have been answered by all types of people online. But, depending on the bad or good question you ask, your feedback is different. There will be some good feedback and some horrible feed that needs a lot of time to digest. The format of the question is significant. A bad question could lead to confusing feedback, and it might take hours to figure out the meaning of that feedback. A good question could be strict to the point that makes your question direct to solve. But, how do we ask a question in a smart way? Thanks to Eric Steven Raymond! He had provided us guild line of teaching us how to develop or smartly ask a question. 

## 7 Step before you ask

1. Try to find an answer by searching the archives of the forum or mailing list you plan to post to.

2. Try to find an answer by searching the Web.

3. Try to find an answer by reading the manual.

4. Try to find an answer by reading a FAQ.

5. Try to find an answer by inspection or experimentation.

6. Try to find an answer by asking a skilled friend.

7. If you're a programmer, try to find an answer by reading the source code.


