---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: A Step Towards The Future. 
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2022-05-12
labels:
  - Code
  - Programing
  - Newbie
---
## End is just a new Beginning

Software engineering is a complex field to major in and a non-stopping field of study. What is a non-stopping field of study mean? The answer is simple. Software engineers keep updating new technologies or concepts and technology hacks. Every year, something new might come out, and to be a great software engineer, you might want to learn it or at least know its basics. As of right now, I just finished Ics 314, and it was just the beginning. Never stop learning.

## Concepts to Remember
  As I said above, software engineers kept updating new concepts or techniques over the years. It means there are many concepts out in the world that you could study, but not all of them are necessary to you. Courses of Ics 314 had taught me a lot of concepts, and I felt coding standards and open-source software development are the two that most stand out to me. 
  
## Concepts 1
Why do coding standard matters? The purpose of coding standards is to make reviewers, including yourself, have an effortless experience with a piece of code that you are working on. Writing comments is part of the coding standard, and it is essential for a software engineer to have the habit of writing comments to your program. Why? Coding with comments is like a crosswalk without zebra crossing. Very confusing. Besides that, there are tools to help you with the coding standards. For example, if you use IntelliJ IDEA, you could use Eslint to help you out with help by showing you had Eslint errors. Coding standards are essential to beginners and benefit in the long term. It makes the experience much more manageable and more accessible for others. Also, it creates an excellent coding habit, and if you get employed, coding standards matter a lot. You don't want to get fired for unhealthy coding habits. Doesn't it feel good when you look at clean pieces of code? 

## Concepts 2
  How can open-source software development help you out? 
  
 ## HI
