---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Manoa-Inventory-POST
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-05-6
labels:
  - Bootstrap
  - Programing
  - ICS 414
---

## First of all. 
  Reflecting on my experience in ICS 414 this semester, it is a bit challenging, but it is fun and feels accomplished. I had the chance to do something I hadn't done before in ICS 314 and the ability to meet real-life customers to discuss the process of our project. What I used in ICS 314 is Semantic UI, and what we used in ICS 414 is mainly Bootstrap. Both tools are useful, and they have similar ways to use them. Otherwise, it will become a problem for me to use it. Back in ICS 314, our group divides up the work, and I am not the person who deals with collections and MongoDB. I had the chance to work with them this semester, and first, it cause some problem for me to link them to actual pages, but overall I kinda understand it and knows how to use it. 

## Bootstrap VS Semantic UI. 
  What are Bootstrap and Semantic UI? Bootstrap seems like the current most popular CSS framework nowadays. Bootstraps' feature of a straightforward component design system is popular and useful among beginners. Most components can be used simply by adding a class, and sadly this also means there isn't much customization. It means they all kind of look like Bootstrap like. For example, Forms, Buttons, Alerts, and a lot more useful components are useful in many ways. This semester, I used Form, Buttons, and Card the most. One of the pages that I build up was a blend of using Form, Buttons, and Alert. Semantic UI on the other hand is another web framework that contains tons of Javascript. Semantic UI is similar to Bootstrap with the component design systems. The difference is Semantic UI could have more features for modifying classes by switching up styles and the looks of it. Honestly, I felt Semantic UI is a bit easier to use and understand it. But it takes a lot longer to create a website by using Semantic UI and Bootstrap seems quicker. Overall, if I had the chance to pick between Semantic UI and Bootstrap, I will pick Bootstrap. Because I am bad at Javascript. 
## Topic 3

## Topic 4

